Mini Lodu Pseudocode

HTML Doc1
The Welcoming Statement
1.	The Welcoming Statement
Player Setup
2.	Players enter their names (two input spaces)
3.	An Enter button to start the game


HTML Doc2 + JS
Game Interface
1.	The game board is shone
2.	The player’s turn is shone above the board
3.	An exit icon to exit the game is shone
4.	Each player has two tokens.

Game Start & Turns
5.	The user clicks on the dice to start the game
6.	To get a token onto the board to start playing, the player must roll a 6.
7.	If the dice didn’t roll 6 the player can’t get his token on the game board and the play turn will be switched to the other player
8.	Each token requires a 6 to enter the board.
9.	If a player roll a 6 , he will have a chance to re roll the dice and play with total sum of his dice rolls
10.	The number that shows in the dice will represent the number of cells that the tokens will move inside the game board
11.	If the dice show 6 the player can re roll the dice again to play otherwise the turn will be changed to the other player
12.	The players can’t step inside the other player’s separate path (that cells will be on the color of the player tokens)
13.	If the cells that remind less than the number that shone in the dice the player will not be able to play this turn and the turn will be switched to the other player

Player Interaction Rules
14.	If a player stands in a cell and the other player comes to the same cell the first player token will be back out of the game board
15.	There is a safe cells that even if both players stand on it no token will out of the game board

Board Paths & Zones
16.	There is a separate path for each player after completing the course around the board
17.	Players have different start zones and end zones
18. If the player finished the round and will git to his separate path like re stand in the first cell he will git a another chance to roll the dice
19. If the player token arrived to the center cell he will git another chance to roll the dice 

Winning Condition
20.	The player that enters all his tokens to his tokens center zone (finish zone) will be the winner
